---
title: Note of Git Commands
categories:
  - Dev
tag:
  - Git
---

This is my summary of some of the most basic and frequently used git commands. Happy commiting and pushing.

> git --help {command name}: Git manual for a specific command.
>
> git init: initialize a git repo.
>
> git add {file}: add a file from the working dir to the Index.
>
> git commit -m "some message": make the HEAD pointer points to the most recent commit.
>
> git status: show the working tree status.
>
> git diff: show changes between commits.
>
> git diff HEAD -- {file name}: show changes between commits of a specific file.
>
> HEAD is the pointer points to the current commit, HEAD^ is the pointer points to the previous one, HEAD~100 is the pointer points to the 100 previous one.
>
> git reset --hard {commit_id}: return to a previous commit specified by the commit id, which can be obtained from the command logs.
>
> git reset HEAD {filename}: unstage, remove the changes added to the stage.
>
> git log: show commit logs
>
> git reflog: show the command logs
>
> git checkout -- {filename}: discard the unwanted changes in the working dir. change the files in the working dir with that in the repo, whether it is deletion or editing.
>
> git remote add origin git@server-name:path/repo-name.git: link to a remote repo.
>
> git push [-u] origin master: push the master branch to the remote repo. need -u for the first time.
>
> git clone git@server-name:path/repo-name.git: clone the remote repo to the local repo.
>
> git branch: show all the existing branches.
>
> git branch {name}: create a new branch.
>
> git checkout {name}: switch to branch {name}.
>
> git checkout -b {name}: create a new branch {name} and switch to it.
>
> git merge {name}: merge branch {name} with the current branch.
>
> git branch -d {name}: delete branch {name}.
>
> git log --graph: show the merging of branches.
>
> create a bug/feature branch
