---
title: Patch-Match based Multi-View Stereo
excerpt: A novel region growing based MVS algorithm
header:
  image:
  teaser: /assets/images/portfolio/video_thumbnail_th.jpg
---

This is my research progress on PatchMatch-based Multi-View Stereo. The source code is available [here](https://github.com/imkaywu/PM-MVS).

There are three chanllenges that must be solved to perform: 1). determine the visibility information; 2). access the spatial neighbours; 3). decide the termination of one iteration

## Contribution

**Efficiency**. Our first contribution addresses computational efficiency: We propose a PatchMatch-based propagation for MVS. Our approach is different from the previous efforts in that the propagation is performed in 3D scene space instead of 2D image space. Therefore, there is no need to traverse through all the pixels from all the viewpoints.

**Accuracy** and **Completeness**. Our second contribution is accuracy and completeness. By extend PatchMatch from binocular case to multi-view case, we are able to take advantage of the redundancy in the input images.

Our third contribution is incorporate visibility reasoning based on angular error and photo-consistency measure. Previous method used only angular error [Gipuma] or graphical model [Zheng, UNC], or simple multiple binocular stereo [Shen].

## Related work

### Multi-view Stereo (MVS)

**Surface extraction based methods**: extract a surface from a grid of cost function\\
voxel colouring\\
a volumetric MRF + max-flow/graph-cut

**Surface evolution based methods**: \\
methods based on voxels (space carving), \\
methods based level sets, \\
methods based on surface meshes.

**Depth-map merging based methods**: \\
(MVS revisited), \\
Gipuma

**Region growing based methods**: \\

Furukawa\\
Goesele\\
Otto\\
PatchMatch\\

### PatchMatch Stereo

**Binocular case**

original PatchMatch stereo \\

**Multi-view case**

Gipuma, define patch in scene space, but propagation happens in image space \\
Efficient Multiview Stereo by Random-Search and Propagation, still in the image space \\
Zheng, PatchMatch Based Joint View Selection and Depthmap Estimation. depthmap, without considering slanted surfaces,focus lies on view selection when aggregat- ing evidence over multiple cameras \\
Shen, Accurate Multiple View 3D Reconstruction Using Patch-Based Stereo for Large-Scale Scenes. depthmap, multiple binocular stereo, in scene space

### Region-growing based MVS

## Propagation in image space


## Propagation in scene space

