A lot of people say I don't hate the Chinese people, they are innocent, it is
the Chinese Communist Party that is at fault. I find that statement extremely
insulting. Oh you poor Chinese, you have no idea that you are being oppressed
and brainwashed by the CPP. If only you knew, you'd be on our side condemning CCP.
You talk like normal Chinese have no feelings, they don't feel and express anger when CCP
fucked up, they are just helpless lambs waiting to be slayed. How ignorant and
dumb are you people. You are not only questioning our moral, but insulting our
intelligence.

Not only does it implies that Chinese people are brainwashed people,
it also insinuate that Chinese are these helpless being, waiting for the western
saviors.

I'm not a party member because I chose not to join. I bet many mainland Chinese have a family member, or a relative, or a friend
that is a party member. When you say that Communist party members are evil, they
are saying that one's mom and dad are evil, that one's grandparents are evil. I
simply can't stand by that.

If you say 'this is fact, you can't make this up, don't tell me this is not
true' one more time, I'm gonna believe you. Why can't you make this up, people make Star Wars up, and they make like 9 of them.
Of course you can make this up. But I'm not here to say that you are a liar, I'm
simply questioning the truthfulness of your story. But you so eagerly shutting
people down like a dictator really makes me suspecious. Truth is powerful
enough to any attempt of cover-ups or excuses. If you truly believe what you are
saying, you should just feel sorry for any deniers instead of being that
triggered. All I'm asking is providing concrete evidence instead of stories to
back up your very serious genocide claim. I bet you have more damning evidence
than some verbal testimonies. This is 21st century, and you guys
have always claimed that China is a police state, a state with massive
surveillance camera, and the US has the largest spy agency, I'm sure you have
some footages of the raping, right. Julian Asange have access to US torturing
prisoners in Gu Bay, US drones massercre people in middle east. I'm sure you
have access to such footages, right. Otherwise, how could you make such a
damning statement. 

Why can't I be offensive. I thought this room is for open discussion, welcomes
opnions from both sides. Dr. Jordan Peterson said, in order to have freedom of
speech, you have to risk of being offensive, you have to be able to ask
questions that would make people uncomfortable. You are doing exactly that in
this room, asking why CCP are commit the so-called genocide, which is very
uncomfortable to me. But I listened and didn't interrupt one bit. Why can't I ask the very simple question as to how do you get your information and sources.

All these people claim they know China, they are of Chinese descent, they've
been to China, they talked to a Chinese, they've had Chinese food before.
That'll make me a Chinese expert, that gives me the right to criticize China, right.

Don't forget we are in the era of great power competition. US

That's what you do, whenever people present evidence that are against you, you
dismiss those with excuses like: you are from the privileged group, you don't
know what it feels like to be a minority, or how can you trust the Chinese
government's data, or Chinese government only let you know or see what they want
you know or see. This applies to every other government, every government wants
the people to see what they want them to see. If you can't see that or admit
that, you are brainwashed as fuck. So if you use this logic to disqualify my
evidence, what makes your evidence more reliable. How would you know the
government or the institution it funds not doing the exact same thing.

So you were saying I should not believe what I was seeing and hearing because I
have no way of deciding the information on my own, I have no ability to tell the
truth from fiction, I don't have the mental capacity to process information from
a diverse sources and make my own decision. I should rely on enlightened
people, such as yourself, who have not been inflicted to the CCP's brainwashning
propaganda machine and has an unbiased view of towards China, who is
incorruptible by money 

Questions
1. How many concentrations camps
2. How many uyghurs are in the concentration camps rn.
3. How do you get to that xx million number. what's the source?
4. How many are killed, where is the body.

For thoes of you who don't know ASPI, ASPI is short for
Australian Strategic Policy Institute, an Australian think tank funded by
Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, and other US military industrial complex. They have
been doing China-bashing fake news report for many years. Their reports on
XinJiang are all conducted by a guy called Adrian Zenz. This guy is a German and
have never been to China before. So I wouldn't take any thing out of ASPI or
Zenz seriously.
